OSDOCS-17017:Update the z-stream RNs for 4.20.2 (#101489)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-20-release-notes.adoc

* Before this update, the *Observe -> Metric* page used the cluster-wide metrics API even when you did not have cluster-wide metrics API permissions. As a consequence, the query input displayed an error and the autofill for the query input did not work without cluster-wide metrics API access. With this release, the `namespace-tenancy` metrics API is used if you do not have cluster-wide metrics API permissions, As a result, an error does not occur and autofill is available for the metrics within the selected namespace. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63440[OCPBUGS-63440])

* Before this update, the node log length was unlimited. As a consequence, an extremely large log could prevent the display of the log or cause the browser to crash.  With this release, the node log length is limited to 1,000 lines. As a result, the log displays correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63440[OCPBUGS-63470])

> * Before this update, the {azure-short} machine provider was not passing the `dataDisks` configuration from the `MachineSet` into the virtual machine creation API request for the {azure-short} Stack Hub. As a consequence, new machines were created without the specified data disks because the configuration was silently ignored during the VM creation process. With this release, the VM creation for the {azure-short} Stack Hub is updated to include the `dataDisks` configuration. An additional update manually implements the behavior of the `deletionPolicy: Delete` parameter in the controller because the {azure-short} Stack Hub does not natively support this option. As a result, data disks are correctly provisioned on the {azure-short} Stack Hub VMs. The `Delete` policy is also functionally supported, which ensures that disks are properly removed when their machines are removed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63535[OCPBUGS-63535])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the {azure-short} machine provider was not passing the `dataDisks` configuration from the compute machine set into the virtual machine creation API request for the {azure-short} Stack Hub. As a consequence, new machines were created without the specified data disks because the configuration was silently ignored during the VM creation process. With this release, the VM creation for the {azure-short} Stack Hub is updated to include the `dataDisks` configuration. An additional update manually implements the behavior of the `deletionPolicy: Delete` parameter in the controller because the {azure-short} Stack Hub does not natively support this option. As a result, data disks are correctly provisioned on the {azure-short} Stack Hub VMs. The `Delete` policy is also functionally supported, which ensures that disks are properly removed when their machines are removed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63535[OCPBUGS-63535])
```
or
```suggestion
* Before this update, the {azure-short} machine provider was not passing the `dataDisks` configuration from the `MachineSet` specification into the virtual machine creation API request for the {azure-short} Stack Hub. As a consequence, new machines were created without the specified data disks because the configuration was silently ignored during the VM creation process. With this release, the VM creation for the {azure-short} Stack Hub is updated to include the `dataDisks` configuration. An additional update manually implements the behavior of the `deletionPolicy: Delete` parameter in the controller because the {azure-short} Stack Hub does not natively support this option. As a result, data disks are correctly provisioned on the {azure-short} Stack Hub VMs. The `Delete` policy is also functionally supported, which ensures that disks are properly removed when their machines are removed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63535[OCPBUGS-63535])
```
